Welcome back.
This is just a quick video talking about some of the key phrases I found when using cursor to improve
the outputs.
So for example, row prompting and telling cursor to act like a ten-x engineer really does seem to have
a good impact on the code quality.
Also, you can use emotional prompting such as please don't be lazy or my job depends on doing this
task really well.
I've also found providing direction to be very useful in both prompts and also the cursor rules files.
So for example saying be incredibly extensive and detailed or make sure to include error handling and
all scenarios.
Have a play around with these prompts in your projects and see what gives you better results.